Add rem preferences (#54)
zeplin/zeplin-extension-documentation: model/project.md

**Kind**: instance property of [<code>Project</code>](#Project)

<a name="Project+remPreferences"></a>
### project.remPreferences : [<code>RemPreferences?</code>](remPreferences.md)

> Rem preferences of the project. If the rem is disabled the value is `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rem preferences of the project (web projects only). This property exists only if rem is enabled for the project.
```
